# JavaScript Folder
This folder contains all the JavaScript scripts utilised in this project.
* **all.js**: This JavaScript file is taken from charactercreator.org and edited for reduced capabilities to be used in _charactercreator.html_ and _characterCreatorTurk.html_
* **p5.js and p5.min.js**: These scripts contain the Processing p5 JavaScript graphics libraries. The CDN link is actually what is utilised in the visual novel.
* **getBackground.js**: This script is used to determine the background a user chooses in the visual novel. It reads in the option selected by the user along with a JSON object with background image links, and matches the options to each other to load the corresponding background. This can be developed easily by adding new options into the JSON object, and making the corresponding changes to the background dropdown and if statement.
* **getCharacterImage.js**: This script is used to determine the character image in the current row in the tabulator table in the visual novel. It reads in the character number and emotion from the table dependent on the current row index, and stringifies and parses the JSON object conatining character image links. Then the character number and emotion is matched with the corresponding character image before it is loaded. This can be developed easily by adding new characters and/or emotion images into the JSON object, and making the corresponding changes to the switch statement.
* **getDialogue.js**: This script is used to determine the dialogue in the current row in the tabulator table in the visual novel. It reads in the character number for who is speaking, the words spoken and their inflection from the table dependent on the current row index. Then the character number and inflection are combined to display which character speaks, and the text in the p5.js canvas are laoded. This can be used for any range of dialogue as the code is adaptable.