# Scene Labeller Folder
This folder contains any of the pages used in Amazon's Mechanical Turk labelling tasks, whether successful or not. As the Requester website was utilised in creating the tasks, the code from these files was copied and pasted into the project editor during creation. The **TurkInputFiles** folder contains the input files used in the publishing of task batches.
* **dropdowns.html**: This page was a prototype for the character physical appearance labelling task. This iteration was scrapped as it involved workers picking an image from a colecction of 12 images, and we couldn't ensure that workers would choose a different picture each time. Also, this task included scene labelling information as well: this was separated into two different tasks.
* **form.html**: This was another iteration of the scene labelling task, which was published to MTurk, but had no workers willing to work on it. This sort of labelling was far too detailed and of a high level, which is simply not suitable. This task allowed the distinction to be made on what workers should be asked to label : **_the literal detail of a scene only_**;
* **labeller.html**: This is reflective of _form.html_, using a tabulator table to hold the inputs of the Turk worker. However, this involved a wroker clicking to add a nw row each time and labelling details too in depth, so it was scrapped.
* **characterCreatorTurk.html**: This page was used in the labelling of the physical appearance of characters. It combined an edited version of the charactercreator.org web application (with reduced options for the easiest replication) with a tabulator table. Workers would be asked to navigate to this page from _characterCreator.html_, choose options to match the image on the previous page, click 'Character Finished!', then copy and paste the table details into the previosu page before submitting the task.
* **characterCreator.html**: This page is used in conjunction with _characterCreatorTurk.html_. The worker is asked to navigate to that page and label for a certain image of a character, before returning with the copied and pasted results which appearaed in the table, before submitting.
* **sceneLabel.html** and **sceneLabeller.html**: These pages are two iterations of the same scene labelling task. The worker is given an image of the character they have to label for, followed by a image of the frame they need to label. Workers are also asked to navigate to a page, _playVideo.html_, to watch the corresponding video for the scene they have to label. This ensures that the dialogue is being recored correctly.
* **playVideo.html**: This page was used as a link in the scene labelling task, where workers would navigate to this page to watch the video of the scene they were meant to be labelling. The video stops after every frame, consistent with the frames which were created via _getFrames.py_ in **pythonScripts** folder. The worker can pause the video completely at any stage, restart the video completely, or just play the entire way through.
